Add filtering flag for managed headers API (#1765)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/1765.txt

```release-note:enhancement

> resource/cloudflare_managed_headers: Use API level filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_managed_headers: swap filtering to use API instead of custom logic
```
